# JSON5 Security Policy

We take security seriously. Responsible reporting and disclosure of security
vulnerabilities is important for the protection and privacy of our users. If you
discover any security vulnerabilities, please follow these guidelines.

To report a vulnerability, we recommend submitting a report to Snyk using their
[vulnerability disclosure form](https://snyk.io/vulnerability-disclosure/).
Snyk's security team will validate the vulnerability and coordinate with you and
us to fix it, release a patch, and responsibly disclose the vulnerability. Read
Snyk's
[Vulnerability Disclosure Policy](https://docs.snyk.io/more-info/disclosing-vulnerabilities/disclose-a-vulnerability-in-an-open-source-package)
for details.

We also request that you send an email to
[security@json5.org](mailto:security@json5.org) detailing the vulnerability.
This ensures that we can begin work on a fix as soon as possible without waiting
for Snyk to contact us.

Please do not report undisclosed vulnerabilities on public sites or forums,
including GitHub issues and pull requests. Reporting vulnerabilities to the
public could allow attackers to exploit vulnerable applications before we have
been able to release a patch and before applications have had time to install
the patch. Once we have released a patch and sufficient time has passed for
applications to install the patch, we will disclose the vulnerability to the
public, at which time you will be free to publish details of the vulnerability
on public sites and forums.

If you have a fix for a security vulnerability, please do not submit a GitHub
pull request. Instead, report the vulnerability as described in this policy and
include a potential fix in the report. Once the vulnerability has been verified
and a disclosure timeline has been decided, we will contact you to see if you
would like to submit a pull request.

We appreciate your cooperation in helping keep our users safe by following this
policy.
